c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Wuxia.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Wuxia.pdb
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Wuxia.Wuxia.apk
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Wuxia.Wuxia-Signed.apk
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\Wuxia.dll
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\Wuxia.pdb
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\android\bin\Wuxia.Wuxia.apk
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\layout\fragment_menu.xml
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\layout\navigation_header.xml
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\res\values\colors.xml
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\obj\Debug\Wuxia.dll.mdb
c:\users\macproold1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wuxia\Wuxia\bin\Debug\Wuxia.dll.mdb
